draft of data frames notebook (#1822)
deephaven/deephaven-core: demo/web/src/main/notebooks/Python Data Science/Data Frames.md

> # **DataFrames in Deephaven**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# **Dynamic data and Pandas**
```

> This notebook will demonstrate how to switch from DataFrames to tables in Deephaven.

Reviewer: the lead is why the combo is great, and you mention below it's b/c you can work with large datasets. In what way does this facilitate working with real-time data?

This notebook will demonstrate how to switch from DataFrames to tables in Deephaven.

It will also familiarize you with some of the options related to Pandas compared to tables.

> If you have worked with [Pandas](http://pandas.pydata.org/) you know it is one of the most used library for data analysis and manipulation in Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Pandas](http://pandas.pydata.org/) is one of the most used libraries for data analysis and manipulation in Python.
```

\

> With Deephaven you have all the familiar tools from Pandas but with added flexibility, efficiency and better visualization. Some of the reasons to use Deephaven from Pandas is Deephaven allows multithreading easily partitioning and collecting data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Deephaven, you have all the familiar tools from Pandas but with added flexibility, efficiency, and better visualization. One of the reasons to use Deephaven from Pandas is Deephaven allows multithreading, easy partitioning, and collecting data.
```

> Plus these are possible in Deephaven with very large data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not only that - these are possible in Deephaven with very large data.
```

Reviewer: quantify?

\

> In this notebook we will show you some of your familiar DataFrame tools in the Deephaven way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this notebook, we will show you some of your familiar DataFrame tools the Deephaven way.
```
